[MI-2388] Enhancements (#114)
Brightscout/mattermost-plugin-azure-devops: docs/oauth_setup.md

## Register your OAuth application on Azure DevOps
  - Log in to [AzureDevops](https://app.vsaex.visualstudio.com).

>   - Register your app by opening [this](https://app.vsaex.visualstudio.com/app/register) link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Register your app by visiting [here](https://app.vsaex.visualstudio.com/app/register) link.
```
